README.md, before:

<p align="center">

  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/SWoSkN6DxTszqIKEqv/giphy.gif" alt="Coder GIF" width="500" height="400">
  
</p>

##  Hello, I am Akshay Hallagade <img src="https://github.com/AbdallahHemdan/AbdallahHemdan/blob/master/wave.gif" width="40px">

<br/>

<div align="center">


<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/akshayhallagade1">
  <img align="left" width="30px" src="https://assets.brandfolder.com/y9ol94wb/v/331198/view@2x.png?v=1591971279" draggable="false" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/akshayhallagade/">
  <img align="left" width="30px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/linkedin-icon-2.svg" draggable="false" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/likeitaash">
  <img align="left" width="30px" src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/2111/2111432.svg" draggable="false" />
</a>

<a href="mailto:akshayhallagade2612@gmail.com">
  <img align="left" width="30px" src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/732/732200.svg" draggable="false" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.facebook.com/hallagade/">
  <img align="left" width="30px" src="https://cdn4.iconfinder.com/data/icons/social-media-flat-7/64/Social-media_Facebook-512.png" draggable="false" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.instagram.com/akshay_hallagade/">
  <img align="left"  width="30px" src="https://www.edigitalagency.com.au/wp-content/uploads/new-instagram-logo-png-transparent-light.png" draggable="false" />
</a>

<a href="https://dev.to/likeitaash">
  <img align="left" img src="https://d2fltix0v2e0sb.cloudfront.net/dev-badge.svg" alt="Akshay Hallagade's DEV Profile" height="30" width="30">
</a>

</div>

<br />

### Hey, My Current Ongoings. 👋

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...Solving 480 codings questions of Love Babbar.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...Flutter Development (Dart), I/UX Designs and participating in the placement of the College.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...Any one from Python Developer, Flutter Android App Developer or UI/UX designer.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...(Job or 6 month Internship)
- 💬 Ask me about ...Anything
- 📫 How to reach me: ...Contacts Given above. (Click on the logo)
- 😄 Pronouns: ...Ash (Aksh with K-silent)
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...Even though continuous hours of sitting before my laptop. I don't have specs.


<br/>

<div align="center">
  
[![Akshay's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=likeitaash)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

</div>

### Skills <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="40"> 

<div>
  
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/VSCode.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/python.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/flutter.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/dart.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/Ruby.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/C++.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/XD.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/Figma.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/Github desktop.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/firebase.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/Proteus.png"></code>

</div>

Commit message:

changed Job preferences
Removed Internship for the 6th months.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">

  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/SWoSkN6DxTszqIKEqv/giphy.gif" alt="Coder GIF" width="500" height="400">
  
</p>

##  Hello, I am Akshay Hallagade <img src="https://github.com/AbdallahHemdan/AbdallahHemdan/blob/master/wave.gif" width="40px">

<br/>

<div align="center">


<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/akshayhallagade1">
  <img align="left" width="30px" src="https://assets.brandfolder.com/y9ol94wb/v/331198/view@2x.png?v=1591971279" draggable="false" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/akshayhallagade/">
  <img align="left" width="30px" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/linkedin-icon-2.svg" draggable="false" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/likeitaash">
  <img align="left" width="30px" src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/2111/2111432.svg" draggable="false" />
</a>

<a href="mailto:akshayhallagade2612@gmail.com">
  <img align="left" width="30px" src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/732/732200.svg" draggable="false" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.facebook.com/hallagade/">
  <img align="left" width="30px" src="https://cdn4.iconfinder.com/data/icons/social-media-flat-7/64/Social-media_Facebook-512.png" draggable="false" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.instagram.com/akshay_hallagade/">
  <img align="left"  width="30px" src="https://www.edigitalagency.com.au/wp-content/uploads/new-instagram-logo-png-transparent-light.png" draggable="false" />
</a>

<a href="https://dev.to/likeitaash">
  <img align="left" img src="https://d2fltix0v2e0sb.cloudfront.net/dev-badge.svg" alt="Akshay Hallagade's DEV Profile" height="30" width="30">
</a>

</div>

<br />

### Hey, My Current Ongoings. 👋

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...Solving 480 codings questions of Love Babbar.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...Flutter Development (Dart), I/UX Designs and participating in the placement of the College.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...Any one from Python Developer, Flutter Android App Developer or UI/UX designer.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...(Job as Web Developer, Data Science or Android Development with Flutter.)
- 💬 Ask me about ...Anything
- 📫 How to reach me: ...Contacts Given above. (Click on the logo)
- 😄 Pronouns: ...Ash (Aksh with K-silent)
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...Even though continuous hours of sitting before my laptop. I don't have specs.


<br/>

<div align="center">
  
[![Akshay's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=likeitaash)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

</div>

### Skills <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="40"> 

<div>
  
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/VSCode.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/python.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/flutter.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/dart.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/Ruby.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/C++.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/XD.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/Figma.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/Github desktop.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/firebase.png"></code>
<code><img height="30" src="Skills/Proteus.png"></code>

</div>
